hey what's up guys
today I'll show you an action-adventure film: "The Tomb Raider"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
Lara's explorer father has sought to uncover the dark secrets about Himiko
the mythical Japanese Queen of Yamatai, who was said to command the power over life and death
legend has it that the Queen ruled over the land with magic
but she was rebelled by her general, and sealed on a remote island
in order to prevent the revival of the wicked dead Queen
the father went on a quest to find the island, containing the tomb of Himiko
however, he never returned
when everyone thinks that the father is dead
his strong-willed young daughter Lara, refuses to give up hope
she has steadfastly refused to sign for her inheritance
fearing that if she does, she will have to accept that her father
who disappeared without a trace somewhere in the Sea of Japan, is truly dead and gone
without her father's fortune, Lara is struggling with her gym fee
and earns a living by delivering food
knowing that she could win the fox chase match, if she manages to outrun the team of hunters
Lara volunteers to be the fox
unfortunately, Lara mistakes a pedestrian as her father along the way
distracted, she soon crashes into a police car, and ends up being arrested
later, Lara's Guardian bails her out
and continuously pressures Lara to sign in absentia documents to transfer her father's assets
it turns out both the police and private detectives have given up on searching for her father
if Lara does not claim her inheritance, the family company and estate will be sold off
for the sake of the family estate, Croft Manor, Lara finally meets up with the lawyer
at the signing, Lara is handed a puzzle box that was willed to her
before she pens down her name
Lara immediately plays with the puzzle box
and opens it to find a photo, a key, and a note hidden inside
deciphering the hidden clue, Lara leaves the office for the Croft Manor
piecing up all the hints, Lara gains access to her father's secret chamber
where she finds all his research into various matters of the occult, including Himiko
ever since Lara's mother passed away
her father has been searching for the source of supernatural power
in a pre-recorded message, the father orders Lara to destroy all research data about Himiko
but Lara does not obey it
instead, she carefully studies everything
and decides on an expedition to find the island and her father
in order to raise money for the trip, Lara sells the jade pendant her father had given her
upon arrival in Hong Kong, Lara finds Mr. Lu
the captain of the ship who had been employed by her father
but the drunk Mr. Lu does not welcome Lara at all
fortunately, Mr. Lu quickly falls into a drunken coma
and he reluctantly answers all Lara's questions
to her surprise, the one hired by her father is not Mr. Lu, but his father instead
the two fathers embarked on the journey together and never returned
Lara spends some time deciphering the encrypted coordinates on the notes
and she hires Mr. Lu to bring her there
tempted by the high commission
the experienced captain Lu takes Lara into the Devil's Sea and the island of Yamatai
in the middle of their journey, Lara opens the puzzle box
and learns that an ancient military organization Trinity
is also searching for the legendary tomb of the Queen
in addition, they want to rule over mankind by use of her supernatural power
hence when the father located the tomb of Himiko, he became the target for Trinity
the disappearance of her father and the existence of Trinity make Laura anxious
in the middle of the night, Laura is awakened by a violent shock
Mr. Lu explains that when the ship approaches the island of Yamatai
they are caught up in a raging storm
as the ship capsizes, Lara and Mr. Lu abandon the ship and escape
Lara desperately paddles to the beach, but as soon as she reaches the shore
she is surprise-attacked and knocked out unconscious
the leader of Trinity, Vogel, imprisons Lara and robs her father's research notes
besides, he reveals to Lara that her father was killed by him
Laura is certainly devastated by her father's death
as the father did not tip off the location of Himiko's tomb
Vogel has been searching aimlessly on the island
Lara's coming with the set of research data is the best news for Vogel
soon Vogel turns Lara and Mr. Lu into his slaves
the slave force consists of kidnapped fishermen and conned stowaways
when the slaves lose their value, they will be killed by Vogel
seeing Vogel pointing his gun at Lara
Mr. Lu attacks Vogel to make time for Lara to break away
after dodging numerous bullets from the enemy, Lara runs with her hands tied
and falls into the river while crossing a single-log bridge
with nowhere to escape, Lara is swept by the strong current
to the edge of the 100-meter waterfall
but in a strong desire for survival, she manages to grab hold of a broken plane
stuck in the waterfall between the rocks and hop onto the cabin before its wing falls
and then she cuts the rope with a sharp metal inside the cabin
and catches a parachute before the cabin breaks apart
however, as the parachute is faulty, Lara is injured following her rapid descent
she briefly treats her wounds and hopes to get some rest
however, on the same night, she is confronted by Vogel's guard
even though physically she is much weaker
tenacious Lara locks the enemy tightly with her hands and feet
and then she holds the man in the water and drowns him
shortly after she wipes out the avenger, she sees a figure moving in the jungle
Lara follows the figure all the way to a cave located in the middle of the hills
through the dim light, she finds the mysterious man to be no one else
but her father, whom she is searching for
at first, the father regards the appearance of Lara as merely his own hallucination
when he is convinced that Lara really comes to the island for him
he tearfully helps to bandage his daughter's wounds
their joy of reunion is short-lived
as the father soon learns that Vogel has snatched all his research data
for years, the father has been carrying out his mission in secret
tricking his enemies into believing that he is dead
but now Lara's arrival and carelessness ruin everything
the anger-stricken father blames Lara for traveling to the island to destroy his work
to make up for her mistakes, Lara takes up a bolt
and immediately returns to Vogel's camp alone
there, Lara shoots the guard dead to free Mr. Lu
Mr. Lu, once armed, leads the rest of the slaves out of their hell
while the guards are distracted by the rioting slaves
Lara rushes into the camp to take the satellite phone
however, before her departure, she spots her father standing right in front of the tomb
Vogel seizes the chance to take the father as a hostage
and threatens Lara to surrender her weapon
Lara cannot bear to see her father getting hurt
so she agrees to open the door of the tomb according to what she knows
as Lara safely lands on the cave, Vogel and his people also enter the tomb
however, one of the soldiers accidentally triggers a booby trap and is shot dead right away
when they come to the valley of souls
Lara is ordered to lead them through the temporary ladder
even though the whole expedition team safely walk through the ladder
another booby trap is activated
as a result, the stone door is shut, and the floor tiles in the tomb also fall piece by piece
in a pinch, Laura discovers the color puzzle on the tomb door and promptly derives the answer
with the topaz and sapphire merging together on the door
a green light is emitted to switch off the booby traps
passing through the tomb ramp, they finally get to see the Queen's magnificent tomb
desperate to achieve his own agenda
Vogel commands the soldiers to open the coffin without fully assessing the situation
but when exposed to air, the Queen's body instantly oxidizes and decays
as the well-preserved body becomes skeletal
Vogel demands the corpse be removed and taken away
however, reading the mural painting in the tomb chamber
Laura infers that the Queen was not unwillingly trapped here
but rather, she seems to have voluntarily quarantined herself on the island of Yamatai
for the survival of her people
in a flash, Laura realizes that the Queen is in fact, a carrier of a highly contagious disease
the Queen has developed antibodies
but people who come into contact with her will die from the disease
at this time, the booby trap of the coffin operates, and the two soldiers step back in fear
while Vogel scoffs at the fuss
the soldier who has just touched the Queen's body suddenly mutates
his rotting wounds spread from his fingertips to his body
turning the soldier into a zombie-like monster
after killing the dangerous soldier, Vogel understands the task given by his superiors
he then takes the Queen's finger for the sample and prepares to evade the tomb
but at her father's signal, Lara launches an attack and leads a soldier out of the vault
while the father remains where he is and commandeers a pistol to tackle Vogel
but all of a sudden, another infected soldier pounces on the father
in the process of destroying the enemy, the father gets infected
on the other side, the fleeing Lara activates the booby trap
and charges towards the huge barbed iron bar
the guard who pursues her could not avoid the iron bar and is eradicated right away
Lara returns to the tomb only to find her father already contracted with the virus
to prevent Trinity from succeeding in its plot
Lara bids farewell to her father and dashes out to pursue Vogel
at the valley of the souls, Lara blocks Vogel from crossing by hooks and crooks
and even kicks the ladder down the valley
as his hope of leaving diminishes, furious Vogel punches Lara down to the ground
when he is about to slay Lara, the father sets off the bomb to blast the tomb
Laura takes advantage of Vogel's distraction to pull the sample out of his pocket
and shoves it into his mouth
shortly after Lara kicks Vogel down the valley, the whole grave starts to collapse
Lara takes a desperate leap forward and clamps to the opposite slate with her pick
as soon as she lands on her foot, Lara sprints to the entrance with all her strength
and climbs up the entrance with a rope
at the same time, Mr. Lu and the slaves are clearing the rubble from the tomb entrance
with their help, Lara finally comes out from the grave safely
together, they hijack a helicopter sent by Trinity and leaves the island
with everything set, Lara finally signs the letter of inheritance
out of trust in her Guardian, she continues to entrust the company to her
but when she looks at the asset list
she discovers that the company which sponsors Vogel, Patna, is a subsidiary of Croft Holdings
after returning to the estate and reviewing other documents
Laura concludes that Guardian must be connected to the mysterious Trinity organization
while redeeming her jade pendant at the pawnshop
Laura sees the store collection of various munitions
so she chooses two guns and gets ready for the unfinished battle
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out